# README 

* This repository showcases the work I did for my Web Programming class I took at Tufts University in Spring 2016. 
* My favorite assignment was assignment 2 because I really felt I was learning important applicable skills such as learning how to use the Google Maps API and Ming's API.  However, I also enjoyed assignment 3 as I was really challenged and learned the most, specifically about how web servers work. 
* I feel like I grew and learned a lot this semester. When I started this class, all I knew about web stuff was basic html and css. I'm currently coding a full web application that has a complex front and back end and uses the Facebook API for login -- this highlights how much I learned. I now understand how to use JavasScript to create more substantial code and interact with a backend. I also understand how to create a web server and create a backend using Node.js, heroku and MongoDb.
* The most important thing I learned in this class was how to use professional tools to write substantial applications: this includes using Git and GitHub, Google Maps API, Bootstrap, using Heroku and MongoDB. Those are all tools I'm going to use again in my own personal coding but also in a professional setting and learning about them is very valuable. In particular, using GitHub has been incredibly useful which we used for every single assignment. The second very important thing I learned was learning JavaScript to make substantial websites with animations, backends, etc. I also used JavaScript to make a server using Node.js which shows the versatility and usefulness of the language. For instance, I used JavaScript to make all of assignment 2 and 3. 
* Now that I finished this course, I would like to understand and work more on JavaScript in general. I am also interested in learning more about databases to write more sophisticated applications. 
